# Trust AI responses
- Can you actually trust what AI told you! Verdict, paste any AI-generated text, code and get an instant analysis.
  


## Overview, Why this is exists
- AI is shaping our lives, How we make decisions, get advice, and understand the world. However the people don't know how to evaluate whether an AI response is safe to trust, act on, or share. Faster decision. Less risk. Decide for yourself!
- Trust AI Responses solves that. you paste any text generated by an AI tool(chatgpt, Gemini, Claude, Manus), and the app analyzes it for reliability, potential risks, giving you a clear verdict before you act on it.
- This project was born from a simple observation. Millions of people use AI daily without tools to critically evaluate what it tells them. This app bridges that gap.

-  this idea came to my mind, because I see a lot of people trust and use to ai, that way, as they don't really understand what is truth and can you use it.
- This project work this way, you take text anywhere what AI made, and then you don't know, can I use it, and what if this take more strugle in my life, so this app will, solve just your problem

## Features 


## Tech stack
  Layer | Technology | Notes
- Backend | Fastapi
- Frontend | React
- LLM | Gemini (test only), however if you want to test something, firstly I recommend take free, because, you dont really know is this worht it for your.
- Database | Supabase (PostgreSQL) | history analysis/answers and user data. 
- Deploy | Railway | Even if you have backend and frontend, both in same place (railway).


## Prerequisites
- Python version = 3.11 <
- Supabase database, but you can use something else, if you have more experience.
- Postman (for testing endpoints)
- Gemini api key
- Database URL in supabase
- Supabase project url and key. you have two choices anon key or service role key. if you have enabled RLS then use anon key, otherwise use service role key. 
